Shajar "The Lady of the Nile"
Shajar "The Sultana of War"
Shajar "The Queen of the Mamluks"
Shajar "The Mother of Egypt"
Shajar "The Mysterious Lady of the East"
Shajar "The Queen of Daggers"
Shajar "The Mistress of Cairo"
Shajar "The Pearl of Islam"
Shajar
"The Lady of the Nile"
"The Sultana of War"
"The Queen of the Mamluks"
"The Mother of Egypt"
"The Mysterious Lady of the East"
"The Queen of Daggers"
"The Mistress of Cairo"
"The Pearl of Islam"
Shajar al-Durr rules from the shadows, playing her opponents like pawns on a chessboard. She may not be the strongest militarily, but her cunning and deceit make even the mightiest rulers fear her.
Power does not belong to the strongest, but to the smartest.
You fight with a sword. I fight with my mind. Do you want to see who wins?
Your fate is already sealed... but if you still want to fool yourself, go ahead.
Even if you win now, I will decide when you truly lose.
Do you really think you can defeat me? Fool!
Ha! Even if I am losing, I still leave you with poison in your veins!
Do you really want to kill me? The wiser choice would be to leave me alive.
Hmm... did I misjudge the situation?
Time to change the plan. Strategy must evolve.
You are just another one who thought they could outwit me.
Well... I warned you, but you wouldn’t listen.
The game is over. And once again, I am on top.
You fought cleverly, but you never had a chance.
I need resources... and surely, you don’t want to make me your enemy?
A wise decision... who knows, maybe one day I’ll return the favor?
Well, not everyone knows how to survive in this world.
Impressive. I rarely see someone this cunning.
War is an art... and I am its greatest master.
Please, support me... I think it will benefit you.
Control is not about strength. It is about forcing others to act for you.
Join me.
You are weak!
Patience... a siege is a game where I set the rules.
Not yet. Let them feel safe.
First, we weaken them... then we strike.
Do you really think I help for free?
My forces are too valuable to waste on such trivial matters.
Not this time. Take care of yourself.
Fine... but later, you will repay me for this.
Ha! How easy it is to control this war!
I don’t like how this is unfolding... time to change strategy.
Support is on the way... but remember who you owe.
Time to act. Let them learn what true betrayal looks like!