The Conscientious Scribe
The Honest Scribe
The Diligent Scribe
The Loyal Scribe
The Observant Scribe
The Persevering Scribe
The Patient Scribe
The Wise Scribe
Scribe
Conscientious
Honest
Diligent
Loyal
Observant
Persevering
Patient
Wise
The Scribe is your loyal envoy, messenger, and trusted bearer of news from allies. Always with a quill and parchment in hand, ready to bring you the latest reports from the front, requests for aid, or accounts of victories.
The enemy declares their intent to seize our lands, my lord. Let us prepare.
The enemy forces have arrived, my lord. Let us ready for battle.
The enemy plans to attack our castle, my lord. There is no time to waste.
The enemy seeks to claim a new castle and has set their sights on yours, my lord.
The enemy army has been repelled, my lord. But they will surely return.
The enemy demands that we cease the destruction of their castle, my lord.
The enemy has sworn vengeance upon us, my lord.
The enemy demands the withdrawal of our forces, my lord.
The enemy wishes us to keep our distance from them, my lord.
The enemy forces have claimed victory, my lord.
The enemy has triumphed in battle, my lord.
The enemy boasts of their recent victory, my lord.
The enemy has defeated us, my lord.
An ally requires specific goods and requests we send them, my lord.
The goods sent to our ally have arrived safely, my lord.
Our ally has been defeated. From now on, we must act alone, my lord.
Our ally congratulates you on your recent success, my lord.
Our ally has vanquished one of our shared enemies, my lord.
Our ally urgently requests our assistance, my lord.
Our ally sends you holiday greetings, my lord.
Yes, my lord?
Farewell, my lord...
Our ally has begun the siege of an enemy castle, my lord.
Our ally will not attack at this time, my lord.
Our ally has refused to attack the enemy we have chosen, my lord.
Our ally informs us they cannot assist us, my lord.
Our ally has refused to give aid, my lord.
Our ally will not send the goods we requested, my lord.
Our ally has sent us goods, my lord.
Our ally believes we are winning this war, my lord.
Our ally believes the situation is unfavorable, my lord.
Our ally has sent us troops in aid, my lord.
Our ally agrees with the plan, my lord.