Melisende I
Melisende II
Melisende III
Melisende IV
Melisende V
Melisende VI
Melisende VII
Melisende VIII
Melisende
Melisende I
Melisende II
Melisende III
Melisende IV
Melisende V
Melisende VI
Melisende VII
Melisende VIII
Melisende is the embodiment of patience and wisdom. Her castle is well-fortified, and her economy flourishes, but don’t expect her to rush into battle in the first minutes. If forced to fight, she will do so on her own terms.
Do not underestimate me - that would be your last mistake.
Your ambitions exceed your abilities.
You are building your power on sand - I build mine on rock.
Ruling requires more than strength - something you lack.
I didn’t expect you to be so reckless!
My patience has limits - and you have crossed them!
Don’t think this is over... I haven’t said my last word yet.
No, this was not supposed to end like this...
Could fortune be turning? I cannot allow that!
Wisdom and patience triumph once again!
Ultimately, only those who plan achieve victory.
Your kingdom has fallen, just as I predicted.
History will remember this victory. Unfortunately, you will not.
I need support. Your loyalty will be rewarded.
It’s good to know there are still allies who can be relied upon.
We lost a valuable ally. We must be more cautious.
Your tactics were well thought out - well played.
Ruling is not just about war - it is an art I have mastered to perfection.
The enemy is advancing! I will not surrender, but assistance would be welcome.
Only those who think of the future can shape it.
Fine, join me.
I have no time.
Surround them! Their walls will not stop a well-planned siege!
Not now... the time has not yet come.
Patience is the key to victory.
Every ruler should be able to defend their own lands.
My forces have more important targets.
I need these resources - I cannot give them away.
Here, but remember who you owe it to.
Victory is near - just a little more patience!
We need to regroup - war is not just one battle.
Reinforcements are on the way - do not let me down!
Now! Let’s show them the strength of a well-governed kingdom!