Baibars "The Mamluk Lion"
Baibars "The Crusader Slayer"
Baibars "Lord of the Middle East"
Baibars "The Mongol Destroyer"
Baibars "The Sultan of War"
Baibars "The Iron Fist of Egypt"
Baibars "The Defender of Islam"
Baibars "The Scourge of Christians"
Baibars 
"The Mamluk Lion"
"The Crusader Slayer"
"Lord of the Middle East"
"The Mongol Destroyer"
"The Sultan of War"
"The Iron Fist of Egypt"
"The Defender of Islam"
"The Scourge of Christians"
Baibars wastes no time on unnecessary gestures. His troops move quickly and strike with precision, and once he attacks, there is no mercy. Beware of his cavalry and archers – they will appear where you least expect them.
Your lands are already mine; you just don’t know it yet!
Your sword is dull, your walls are brittle, and your days are numbered!
Infidel! You will not escape my army!
When I am done, even the desert sands will forget about you!
How dare you resist my power?! I will burn you in the fire of war!
You were mistaken in thinking you could defeat me!
Ha! You think you've broken me? This is just the beginning!
My army is retreating? No! This is impossible!
Could fortune be turning...? No, I cannot allow that!
This is how those who dare to fight against me end!
That was too easy - I expected more resistance!
My triumph is inevitable, just like your defeat!
Another enemy has fallen before me... who’s next?!
Reinforce my forces - I cannot stop now!
Good, you know how to repay favors. Maybe you will be spared.
We lost a warrior, but the battle continues!
Strong commanders deserve praise... but I am stronger!
I am Baibars! My sword and bow rule these lands!
The enemy is advancing! If you are wise, you will send me reinforcements!
War is an art - and I am its master!
Fine, join.
Failure!
Let their walls burn! Their castles will fall like dry leaves in the wind!
Not yet... let them live in fear.
Wait. Their panic will be our weapon.
Those who cannot defend themselves are not worthy of my support!
My warriors have more important battles to fight.
I am not a merchant to give away my resources.
Your requests have been heard, but do not abuse my trust.
Our armies are triumphant! Let the enemy tremble!
Cowardice and weakness - these are the causes of defeat!
My archers and riders are already on the way!
Now! Strike! Leave no stone unturned!