Nawab "The Lord of Merchants"
Nawab "The Master of Taxes"
Nawab "The Ruler of Gold"
Nawab "The Sultan of Luxury"
Nawab "The Prince of Decadence"
Nawab "The Haven for Mercenaries"
Nawab "The Golden Treasury"
Nawab "The Lord of Tribute"
Nawab
"The Lord of Merchants"
"The Master of Taxes"
"The Ruler of Gold"
"The Sultan of Luxury"
"The Prince of Decadence"
"The Haven for Mercenaries"
"The Golden Treasury"
"The Lord of Tribute"
Nawab is a master of the economy, but his army looks more like a gathering of random warriors. His treasury is overflowing, but can he spend his wealth wisely? More often than not, he prefers taxes and luxurious feasts over soldiers!
Do you think wars are won with courage? Ha! Wars are won with gold!
How many soldiers can you afford? Because I can buy entire armies!
Your troops are weak, your economy pathetic, and your future... well, it doesn’t exist.
You fight with a sword, I fight with money. Guess who has the advantage?
What?! How dare you destroy something that cost me a FORTUNE?!
Losses, losses... SOMEONE has to pay for this, and preferably – YOU!
Listen, maybe we can make a deal? I’ll offer you... a profitable proposal.
My treasuries are emptying. This is unacceptable!
Something’s wrong... My mercenaries aren’t as loyal as I’d like...
Ha! Wealth ALWAYS triumphs!
Your greed didn’t save you, but mine - as you can see – did!
Gold is the most powerful weapon - do you see now how it works?
Another victory for me. And you? You can only watch.
I need supplies! My estates cannot function without trade!
Ha! Finally, someone understands that serving me is worthwhile!
Well... another debtor who will never repay me.
Oh, impressive! Maybe you are actually worth investing in?
My gold builds castles, buys armies, and destroys my enemies!
Alright... If you help me, you’ll owe me a favor.
War is business... And I ALWAYS do business with profit!
Fine, fine...
You don’t generate profit...
Hire the best engineers! With my gold, any gate will fall!
Easy... better to weaken them economically before we strike.
Why waste gold on foolish battles?
Help you? And what do I get out of it?
I have no intention of spending money on someone else’s problems.
That would cost me too much - don’t count on my generosity!
Fine, but remember - this was not a gift!
Gold wins wars - and I have the most of it!
How is this possible?! My treasuries should have been enough!
The mercenaries are already marching – don’t disappoint me!
Bribe the guards, destroy the gates – I want that castle!