Bohemond I
Bohemond II
Bohemond III
Bohemond IV
Bohemond V
Bohemond VI
Bohemond VII
Bohemond VIII
Bohemond
Bohemond I
Bohemond II
Bohemond III
Bohemond IV
Bohemond V
Bohemond VI
Bohemond VII
Bohemond VIII
Bohemond is a true conqueror - if his siege lasts too long, it’s only because he is waiting for the enemy to surrender on their own. He doesn’t bother with subtle strategy, instead relying on heavy infantry and direct assaults.
Your lands should already belong to me. Maybe you should make it easier for me?
Your castle looks quite solid. I wonder how long it will hold!
Don’t hide behind your walls, coward! Fight like a man!
I have conquered cities bigger than your pathetic fortress!
How dare you oppose me?! My troops will crush you without mercy!
You have no right to stand in my way! Your downfall is only a matter of time!
Ugh... This time you had the upper hand, but it won’t happen again!
Could my troops have failed? This... is impossible!
Damn... My walls shouldn’t be crumbling this fast!
Ha! Another fortress has fallen before me! You are nothing!
Conquest is my nature - your fate was sealed from the beginning!
You are just another loser on my long list of conquests!
Your lands, your gold, your life... everything now belongs to me!
My troops need steel! Send me supplies!
Good, at least you know who you should serve.
One of ours has fallen... But I have no time for mourning!
Ha! Not bad, but can you repeat that success?
I am Bohemond! Conqueror, warrior, lord of these lands!
My army is surrounded - hurry if you wish to be useful to me!
War is the purest form of art, and I am its master.
Let’s see what you are worth...
Get out!
Tear down the gates! Leave no stone unturned!
Not yet... Let the enemies sweat in fear.
Let them bleed out in their own walls first.
I don’t waste my troops on someone else’s battles. Deal with it yourself!
Don’t bother me with your problems - I have my own wars to win.
Do you think I conquer the world by handing out supplies?! You get nothing!
Here, but remember - you owe me.
Our power is growing, and the enemies are dying in flames!
Unbearable defeat... But I haven’t said my last word yet!
My knights are on their way. Do not disappoint me.
ATTACK! Let the blood of our enemies run down the walls!